# Purpose of the Digital Asset Policy Proposal

The purpose of this proposal is to make the Digital Assets Market more efficient and honest and to regulate the Digital Assets only to the extent necessary to encourage wider adoption of digital assets, create jobs and provide a solid foundation for the future. The United States already plays a significant role in contributing towards global welfare (with its creation of Internet), towards global trade (with its stable fiat currency) and towards global message of freedom (with its well-crafted Consitution). Its time the US contributed towards global blockchain revolution and stand as a role model for other nations. Ordinary people, especially women, are fed up with too many layers of beaurocracy, too many middlemen and being denied equal opportunites simply because they aren't wealthy or they don't have powerful contacts. Everything that happens in the Traditional World (such as money transfers, collaborative journalism, artistic expression, document integrity etc) can and will happen in the Blockchain World faster, cheaper and more efficiently. The USA must choose now to be on the right side of the history of the blockchain revolution.

# ToDo

Learn from the mistakes and shortcomings of the existing policies to regulate equities, commodities and banking. And, do better. For example, only recently traditional financial industry woke up to the fact that board diversity and gender neutrality are important.

* It is important to have a single regulator for Digital Assets at the federal level and no other regulators at State or Local levels. This regulator can function similar to CFPB but it must follow the standard of customer service in the blockchain industry, i.e. it must provide Live support through Discord channel.
* Realize that blockchain industry is much more than cryptocurrency or speculative profits or fraudulent scams. Fradulent transactions occuring through blockchain are far more traceable than those occuring through dollar bills.
* SRO (Self Regulatory Organization) is common for broker dealers but the Digital Assets Market can do better. Instead of SROs, create a single Federal Online Tribunal. Any US person should be able to file a civil complaint in the tribunal against any Digital Asset Marketplace in the US. The complaints will be resolved faster and if backed by proof, the complainant can collect treble damages. This tribunal will have federal judges, online hearings, payment of filing fees and awards in a Stablecoin tethered to US Dollar. The filing fee would be minimal (definitely not $500+ as in federal courts currently), must not require attorney representation or physical appearance and must electronically collect jury votes from other customers in the same shoes as the complainant. The filing fee must be zero if the complainant is below the age of 21.
* Require all Marketplaces to provide free education to everyone, embrace board diversity and gender neutrality from the start and to promote at least one Stablecoin tethered to US Dollar (so that risk averse users can keep their deposit in the Stablecoin). Marketplaces already provide more equal opportunities to women than traditional financial firms but it is important to require Marketplaces, right from the start, to provide equal opportunities for all genders in hiring staff or executives or in marketing to customers. There should be no price discrimination or consumer discrimination, ie the marketplaces must provide same service and market to attract customers of all genders. In the past, technology and software were made more appealing to men, crypto world should not do the same mistake. Unless banned by the Federal Online Tribunal, no US customer must be denied service, assistance or free education by any Marketplace located in the US. The marketplaces, tribunal or other firms in the ecosystem will not use Google Captcha or any other Captcha-like annoyance to bother customers or visitors. But 2FA is okay.
* A customer will do KYC once and only once in his lifetime and KYC is required only for converting crypto to fiat. Ideally, banks or operators of Stablecoin will handle the KYC for customers and make it available to all marketplaces and other blockchain companies of the ecosystem.
* The IRS must not bother the customers and instead directly develop a blockchain technology to query information on each customer in real time.
* The local governments (eg City or Town or Village) must be authorized to collect a local tax from net profits generated by the Marketplaces
* FDIC or a similar organization or an insurance company must regularly audit and guarantee safety of Stablecoin deposits and DeFi products (ie crypto savings, loans, etc.) excluding the market risk of the non-Stablecoin crypto losing value in terms of USD.
* States should not make any laws or try to interfere to discourage or abridge the freedom of the people. For example, if a Nevada resident can buy AR coin or FileCoin (to save documents permanently in the blockchain cloud), a New York resident should be able to do the same.
* Prohibit Arbitration Clauses, Clauses denying class action and Clauses denying group action complaints in all employment, vendor and customer agreements in the Digital Assets Marketplace.
* Marketplaces will ensure that their public websites, Discord channels, Reddit groups etc are all child safe. It means no adult content. These should also be senior safe. It means no fine print that requires magnifying glass to read. Plain english agreements with no Latin. Teens, Tweens and Seniors should be able to get customer service, undestand legal agreements, read free educational materials and open accounts like everyone else. Marketplaces should ensure that a user's age is displayed as part of user's public messages (either as signature or part of user's avatar) within the sites operated by the Marketplace, if that age is less than or equal to 21. 

# Operational Framework of the Digital Asset Policy Proposal

We've created a simple explainer on how to comment on individual elements of the framework, or the framework as a whole, using GitHub.  You will find it here: [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Regulate Digital Assets Under a Separate Framework
* Define digital asset as: A financial asset issued and transferred using distributed ledger or blockchain technology. “Financial asset” would include an asset whose primary use is as a payment instrument, medium of exchange, means of storing value, or otherwise as a financial interest.
* In creating a new regulatory framework for digital assets, Congress should recognize in law that all digital assets, including digitally native versions of traditional financial assets, should be subject to a new regulatory regime for digital assets.

## Designate One Regulator for Digital Asset Markets:
* Authority would include
  1. A new registration process established for marketplaces for digital assets (MDAs).
  2. Appropriate disclosures to inform purchasers of digital assets.
* MDA regulation should support the efficiency benefits of straight-through-processing.
* MDAs should be authorized to perform the full lifecycle of digital asset services, including digital asset trading, transfer (e.g., wallet services), custody, clearing, money payment, staking, borrowing and lending, and related incidental services.
* The regulator should be authorized to offer different registration paths for different kinds of MDAs depending on the scope of activities they provide.
* Regulations should focus on equal and open access to digital asset trading for all market participants — retail and institutional.
* A dedicated Compliance Officer should be established to strengthen the oversight regime and provide more granular oversight within every MDA.
  1. All registered MDAs should be required to publish information of their Compliance Officer on the website
  2. The Compliance Officer should self-regulate and ensure all laws are followed by the MDA. The Officer will assist the MDA defend itself in the Federal Online Tribunal
  3. The Regulator will establish an online examination which every Compliance Officer must pass each year
* The framework would preempt state-by-state registration and related regulatory requirements.
* The treatment of platforms and services that do not custody or otherwise control the assets of a customer would need to be inherently different from an MDA that holds and controls customer assets, and is therefore not addressed by this framework.

## New Framework Should Be Guided by Three Goals
1. Enhance transparency through appropriate disclosure requirements
    1. The information environment for digital assets should focus on the material characteristics, benefits, and risks of the asset itself. An asset-centric approach would include information about the features of underlying projects that investors are likely to find most relevant in their purchase or use decisions.
        1. For digital assets that are debt or equity securities, many of the current securities disclosure requirements may be appropriate.
        2. Digital assets that are well-established, broadly understood, and decentralized, like Bitcoin and Ether, should not require ongoing disclosure.
        3. Digital tokens that are earlier in the life cycle, and not yet decentralized, should have a minimum set of disclosures. For example, those could be based on key features of the white papers that are already widely used by the industry.
        4. Asset-backed tokens, like stablecoins and other digital assets that are pegged to a particular value or fiat currency and maintain a reserve of assets designed to ensure they maintain the peg, require a different type of disclosure. The disclosures should be appropriate to how they are being used, which is inherently different from money market funds.
    2. Disclosure requirements must be flexible, so they can be readily applied to a wide range of digital assets and so they are resilient in the face of future innovation.
        1. The assigned federal regulator — together with the new SRO — must also take a flexible and nimble approach with the disclosure requirements rules that the information environment applied in practice.
        2. Where additional guidance is needed, there should be a straightforward process for obtaining timely, case-specific, interpretive, or exemptive relief.
2. Protect against fraud and market manipulation
    1. An MDA would need to make available required disclosures about the digital assets it supports.
    2. It should establish requirements and mechanisms for executing transactions on MDA platforms, including for order book matching.
    3. The MDA should have the ability to monitor trading activity on its platforms and to enforce its trading requirements.
    4. MDAs should provide clear information about their operations to the public.
3. Promote efficiency and strengthen market resiliency
    1. Rules for MDAs should account for market participants having direct access to exchange services, and not through broker-dealers as gatekeepers.
    2. The regulations should prescribe baseline requirements around cyber and operational integrity and resiliency.
    3. They should include requirements for post-trade transparency of material terms of digital asset transactions conducted on the platform.
    4. Rules should include requirements for asset safekeeping and use, to address financial stability by requiring MDAs to maintain adequate capital and liquidity, to facilitate customer portability, to promote interoperability, and provide clear disclosures regarding the services provided and associated fees.
    5. MDAs would be required to implement a compliance program, including coverage of BSA AML requirements. Appropriately tailored customer identification, transaction monitoring, SAR filing requirements, and OFAC and sanctions screening obligations should all remain as available resources.
    6. MDAs should be required to mitigate and disclose potential conflicts of interest.
    7. MDAs must also consider and address risks arising from the role played by market-makers and other liquidity providers on their trading venues.
4. Each of the goals should be accomplished in recognition of the unique characteristics and risks of the underlying functionalities of digital assets.


## Promote Interoperability and Fair Competition
* MDAs must be interoperable with products and services across the cryptoeconomy.
* The new regulatory framework should encourage communication, competition and cross-pollination among protocols, applications, and MDAs.
